Updated hook names (#1326)
onflow/docs: docs/build/getting-started/fcl-quickstart.md

[**@onflow/kit**] provides a `FlowProvider` component that sets up the Flow Client Library configuration. In Next.js using the App Router, add or update your `src/app/layout.tsx` as follows:

```tsx
"use client";

import { FlowProvider } from "@onflow/kit";
import * as fcl from "@onflow/fcl";
import flowJson from "../flow.client.json";

// Configure FCL for local emulator
fcl.config({
  "accessNode.api": "http://localhost:8888",              // Connect to local emulator
  "discovery.wallet": "http://localhost:8701/fcl/authn",   // Dev wallet for local development
  "flow.network": "emulator",                              // Using local emulator network
});

export default function RootLayout({
  children,
}: {
  children: React.ReactNode
}) {
  return (

>     <html lang="en">

Reviewer: Can remove this

  };

  return (
    <div style={{ 
      display: 'flex', 
      flexDirection: 'column', 
      alignItems: 'center', 
      justifyContent: 'center', 
      minHeight: '100vh',
      fontFamily: 'system-ui, -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, "Segoe UI", Roboto, sans-serif',
      backgroundColor: '#f0f4f8',
      padding: '20px'
    }}>
      <h1 style={{ marginBottom: '40px', color: '#333' }}>Flow Counter dApp</h1>

      {isLoading ? (
        <div style={{
          fontSize: '24px',
          color: '#666',
          animation: 'pulse 1.5s ease-in-out infinite'
        }}>
          Loading count...
        </div>
      ) : error ? (
        <p style={{ color: '#e74c3c', fontSize: '18px' }}>Error fetching count: {error.message}</p>
      ) : (
        <div style={{
          textAlign: 'center',
          marginBottom: '40px'
        }}>

>           <div style={{

Reviewer 2: For a quickstart we should do it without styles first, but we can add a section at the bottom where we say "Now let's do a first pass at styling"

Rather than doing inline styles, we should use Tailwind.  That's what we're doing for all the other tutorials.  It makes it easier for anyone who isn't a frontend dev, and anyone who is and doesn't want to use Tailwind can/will ignore it.

:::

:::warning

For your app to connect with contracts deployed on the emulator, you need to have completed [Step 1: Contract Interaction] and [Step 2: Local Development].

> :::

Reviewer 2: @0xLisanAlGaib here I think it's better to just point them back to the tutorials.  If we tell them to deploy the contracts, but they haven't done the other stuff, it might not work.  Particularly if those steps change.

:::

> :::warning
> 
> This works asuming that you have completed [Step 1: Contract Interaction] and [Step 2: Local Development]. If you haven't, you might have to redeploy the *Counter* and *NumberFormatter* contracts with: 
> ```bash
> flow project deploy --network=emulator
> ```
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::warning

For your app to connect with contracts deployed on the emulator, you need to have completed [Step 1: Contract Interaction] and [Step 2: Local Development].

:::
```
